Automate Verification with Discord Bot
GitHub License
Python Version
Discord API

Welcome to the Automate Verification Discord Bot repository! 🤖

Are you tired of manually verifying participant entries for challenges like 30 days of code, code-everyday, or open-source-september? Say goodbye to time-consuming verification processes and hello to automation with our Discord bot!

Problem Statement
Scaler frequently hosts challenges on its Discord server, where participants need to post their daily progress on Discord and/or share it on Twitter or LinkedIn. The current manual verification process is time-consuming for admins and Scaler stars. It's time to make the verification process faster and more efficient using a Discord bot.

Important Note: This problem statement is open-ended, allowing you to innovate and create a Discord bot that utilizes the Discord API to automate various verification tasks.

Features and Ideas
Our Discord bot can assist with automating the verification process and offer several features, including:

Daily Progress Tracking: Participants can tag the bot or use a specific bot command when posting on Discord, linking their tweets or LinkedIn posts. The bot will record the user's entry for the day.

Automatic Disqualification: If a user fails to make a daily post, the bot will automatically mark them as ineligible for rewards.

Format Verification: The bot can check the format of tweets or LinkedIn posts to ensure they meet the challenge's requirements (e.g., proper hashtags, attached screenshots). It will also keep track of a participant's streak.

Eligibility Tags: After the challenge ends, moderators can filter entries based on tags set by the bot, making it easy to distinguish between eligible and ineligible participants.

Effortless Rewards Distribution: The bot can include a feature to distribute tokens to eligible participants with a single click, provided the bot has the necessary permissions.

Export to PDF or Doc: Generate and share a list of eligible participants in Discord, simplifying the reward distribution process.

Key Benefits
By using this Discord bot, you'll experience several key benefits:

Time and Effort Savings: Mods and admins can say goodbye to time-consuming manual verifications and focus on other important tasks.

Faster Reward Delivery: Eligible participants can receive their rewards more quickly, enhancing their experience and satisfaction.

Streamlined Process: The bot simplifies the entire verification and reward distribution process, making it efficient and hassle-free.

Tech Stack
Our Discord bot leverages the following technologies:

Python 3.8+: The core programming language for bot development.
Discord API: Utilizing Discord API v2 to interact with the Discord server and messages.
Get Started
Ready to streamline your verification process and reward distribution? Clone this repository, follow our setup instructions, and start using the Automate Verification Discord Bot today!

Installation
Clone this repository to your local machine.

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-repo.git
Install the required Python packages using pip.

bash
Copy code
pip install -r requirements.txt
Configure the bot token and other settings in the config.yaml file.

Run the bot script.

bash
Copy code
python bot.py
Customize and expand the bot's functionality to meet your specific challenge requirements.

Contribution
We welcome contributions! Feel free to fork this repository, make improvements, and submit a pull request. Let's work together to make the Discord bot even more powerful.
